content-creator-workflow/README.md, before:

# Content Creator Workflow

Claude Code workflow for bloggers, content creators, and personal brand builders.

[中文文档](./README_cn.md)

## Target Users

- Bloggers & Writers
- Content Creators
- Podcasters
- Personal Brand Builders

## Installed Skills

| Skill | Function | Trigger Example |
|-------|----------|-----------------|
| nano-banana | AI image generation (Gemini) | "Generate a blog cover image" |
| canvas-design | AI visual design, PNG/PDF export | "Design a cover image" |
| docx | Word document creation/editing | "Export to Word document" |
| pdf | PDF processing and generation | "Generate PDF" |
| social-repurposer | Cross-platform content conversion | "Convert to Twitter thread" |
| content-repurposer | Multi-format content rewriting | "Rewrite as Newsletter" |
| podcast-content-suite | Podcast content creation | "Generate podcast outline" |

## Quick Start

```bash
# Navigate to directory
cd content-creator-workflow

# Launch Claude Code - skills activate automatically
```

## Usage Examples

### Content Creation Flow

```
1. "Research the latest trends on [topic]"
2. "Write an in-depth article based on the research"
3. "Use nano-banana to generate a blog cover image"
4. "Use social-repurposer to convert to Twitter thread and LinkedIn post"
5. "Export to Word document"
```

### Podcast Creation

```
"Use podcast-content-suite to generate podcast outline and Q&A script for this topic"
```

## Multi-AI Tool Support

This workflow supports:
- Claude Code (`.claude/skills/`)
- Codex (`.codex/skills/`)
- Cursor (`.cursor/skills/`)
- OpenCode (`.opencode/skill/`)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: update content creator and marketing pro workflows with new skills, enhanced README files, and improved SEO content strategies

content-creator-workflow/README.md, after:

# Content Creator Workflow

Claude Code workflow for bloggers, content creators, and personal brand builders.

[中文文档](./README_cn.md)

## Target Users

- Bloggers & Writers
- Content Creators
- Podcasters
- Personal Brand Builders

## Installed Skills

| Skill | Function | Trigger Example |
|-------|----------|-----------------|
| nano-banana | AI image generation (Gemini) | "Generate a blog cover image" |
| canvas-design | AI visual design, PNG/PDF export | "Design a cover image" |
| blog-post-writer | Transform notes into blog posts | "Write a blog post from my notes" |
| content-brief | SEO content planning briefs | "Create a content brief for [topic]" |
| docx | Word document creation/editing | "Export to Word document" |
| pdf | PDF processing and generation | "Generate PDF" |
| social-repurposer | Cross-platform content conversion | "Convert to Twitter thread" |
| content-repurposer | Multi-format content rewriting | "Rewrite as Newsletter" |
| podcast-content-suite | Podcast content creation | "Generate podcast outline" |

## Quick Start

```bash
# Navigate to directory
cd content-creator-workflow

# Launch Claude Code - skills activate automatically
```

## Usage Examples

### Content Creation Flow

```
1. "Research the latest trends on [topic]"
2. "Create a content brief for [topic]"
3. "Write a blog post from my research notes"
4. "Use nano-banana to generate a blog cover image"
5. "Use social-repurposer to convert to Twitter thread and LinkedIn post"
6. "Export to Word document"
```

### Podcast Creation

```
"Use podcast-content-suite to generate podcast outline and Q&A script for this topic"
```

## Multi-AI Tool Support

This workflow supports:
- Claude Code (`.claude/skills/`)
- Codex (`.codex/skills/`)
- Cursor (`.cursor/skills/`)
- OpenCode (`.opencode/skill/`)

## License

MIT
